Fix test not working issue (#280)
OpenLiberty/draft-guide-gettingstarted: README.adoc

```
endif::[]

> Update the [hotspot file=2]`pom.xml` file to change the context root from `/` to [hotspot=contextRoot file=2]`/dev` in the [hotspot=maven-failsafe-plugin file=2]`maven-failsafe-plugin` to reflect the new context root when running functional tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the [hotspot file=2]`pom.xml` file to change the context root from `/` to [hotspot=contextRoot file=2]`/dev` in the [hotspot=maven-failsafe-plugin file=2]`maven-failsafe-plugin` to reflect the new context root when you run functional tests.
```

[role="code_command hotspot file=2" subs="quotes"]
----
#Replace the pom.xml file.#
`pom.xml`
----

pom.xml
[source, XML, linenums, role='code_column hide_tags=copyright']
----
include::finish/pom.xml[]
----

You can run the tests by pressing the `enter/return` key from the command-line session where you started dev mode to verify your change.

> You can access the application at the http://localhost:9080/dev/system/properties[http://localhost:9080/dev/system/properties^] URL. Notice that context root is now `/dev`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access the application at the http://localhost:9080/dev/system/properties[http://localhost:9080/dev/system/properties^] URL. Notice that the context root is now `/dev`.
```
